Add MDAnalysis Community Survey 2024 blog post (#396)
MDAnalysis/MDAnalysis.github.io: _posts/2024-07-30-survey-announcement.md

## Purpose of the Survey

This survey aims to gather your insights and feedback on various aspects of MDAnalysis, especially about your experiences as a community member and your engagement with the MDAnalysis project. 

## What will the data be used for?

The information from this survey will help us foster an inclusive and supportive community by:

- Determining preferred MDAnalysis communication channels and developing a content strategy to keep the community informed.
- Informing workshop and event planning efforts to reach diverse audiences based in various time zones across the globe.
- Ensuring MDAnalysis resources are findable and accessible.

## Confidentiality and Anonymity

We value your privacy so your responses will be kept **confidential and anonymous** and only shared with MDAnalysis survey administrators. Demographic information will only be reported in an aggregated format to generate high-level insights.

## How to Participate

> We invite all members of the MDAnalysis community to participate in the survey. We greatly appreciate your time answering a few questions (around 10 minutes) before **August 31st, 2024**. Please take a moment to share your thoughts and experiences with us by clicking the link, [MDAnalysis Community Survey 2024](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeTn6zIm-LIry7aRJ0IF_r_B4m4E0ddUEVIHxXGD-H3n-nOiQ/viewform?usp=sf_link), to access the survey.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We invite all members of the MDAnalysis community to participate in the survey. We greatly appreciate your time answering a few questions (around 10 minutes) before **August 31st, 2024**. Please take a moment to share your thoughts and experiences with us by clicking the following link to access the survey:

<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeTn6zIm-LIry7aRJ0IF_r_B4m4E0ddUEVIHxXGD-H3n-nOiQ/viewform?usp=sf_link" target="_blank" style="background:#FF9200;padding:10px;margin:10px 0px;text-align:center;text-decoration:none;font-size:12pt;color:#000000;display:inline-block;border-radius:3px">Take the Survey</a>
```

Reviewer: This code would add a button to click, so might be a bit easier to find than a hyperlink. See an example by looking at the registration button for the [ASU workshop blog post](https://www.mdanalysis.org/2024/05/14/ASUworkshop/#registration).

Thank you so much for being a part of the MDAnalysis community. We cannot wait to hear from you!😀

## Acknowledgment

> This survey was developed as part of an [Outreachy project](https://www.outreachy.org/alums/2024-05/).

Reviewer: Add Outreachy logo

> This survey was developed as part of an [Outreachy project](https://www.outreachy.org/alums/2024-05/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This survey was developed as part of an [Outreachy project](https://www.mdanalysis.org/2024/05/27/gsoc-outreachy-students/#adetutu-oluwasanmi-develop-a-communications-strategy-for-a-growing-mdanalysis-user-and-contributor-base).
```

Reviewer: I wonder if it makes more sense to link to @adetutudeborah's write-up on the MDAnalysis blog intro. This still links to to the Outreachy website, but also includes information on accessing @adetutudeborah's blog in case folks are interested in learning more about the project and development of the survey.
